What is Hacking?

An art to outsmart the security. Originally hackers were the people who did amazing work just for the sake of fun . None of that was meant to
 harm anyone. Later on  some evil, cursed people used the knowledge of hacking for their own good.
An hacker is the guy who sees things in a different way. Who has the will to break into a system,desire to know more.
when it comes to ethics hackers differ in their ideology.

TYPES OF HACKERS


White Hat:

A white hat hacker is the hacker who takes the permission of local or international orginisation
to see if they are vulnerable or not.This is the most important job as it ensures the protection of the
orginsation and its clients (sometimes us).Imagine your bank is vulnerable to a cyber attack in that case.
How safe do you feel. It is the job of white hat hacker to make sure that it does not happen .
process involves hacking a organisation.finding loop hole and fixing it.An white hats are more ethical in their approack

Black Hat:

Right now the definition of evil starts with these guys.They are known for their amazing skills.They take ETHICS==NULL;.
they are unethical in their approach.Some black hackers define ethics in thier own order.They are purely unauthorised individuals
get into system.


Grey Hat:

They lie inbetween white hat and black hat.An Example should suffice I guess.Suppose you hacked your friends mobile phone and you viewed
all the things present in his mobile phone. And later you tell him that you hacked his phone.

Script Kiddie

People who donno how a system works but yet they manage to get into the system by using tools which are developed by other Hackers.
Its that little troublesome guy who runs around your classroom just to prove a point to his friend.

Hacktivist:

People who give knowledge to the common people about hacking.And tell them how they are getting exploited be it from the black hats or the government
They use tools,like protests or even an app like this provides an excellent tool.

PRESS NEXT